Resiliency QuickStart (#2935)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/quickstarts/resiliency-quickstart.md

---
type: docs
title: "Quickstart: Resiliency"
linkTitle: "Resiliency"
weight: 72
description: "Get started with Dapr's resiliency capabilities"
---
<img src="/images/resiliency-quickstart.png" width="1000" alt="Diagram showing the resiliency applied to Dapr APIs">

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
 Resiliency is currently a preview feature.
{{% /alert %}}

> In this Quickstart, you will observe Dapr resiliency capabilities by introducing toxic behavior to a microservice that continuously perists and retrieves state via Dapr's state management API. 

Author: ```suggestion
In this Quickstart, you will observe Dapr resiliency capabilities by simulating a system failure. You will execute a microservice application that continuously persists and retrieves state via Dapr's state management API. When operations to the state store begin to fail, Dapr resiliency policies are applied.
```
